[Ben] Maddie. She's been kidnapped.
[Diane] I imagine you'd use
all of your energy to find her.
That starts and ends
with Peter Sutherland.
Maybe we should work this
from more than one angle.
- What do you have in mind?
- Still got that flyer?
[ominous music playing]
[Dylan] Paulo thought if he recruited her,
she could amplify New Leaf's message.
- Who else was in on this plan? Him?
- That's Matteo.
[Colin] Paulo was using you
for his propaganda campaign,
and I was using him to get to you.
Maybe I can help you.
What if I told you
Maddie was getting ready
to publicly humiliate you?
What are you talking about?
[Diane] You should watch it.
[Maddie] Sarah drowned
because of you, Dad.
You fucking bitch!
Whatever you're planning for my father,
we can do it together.
[Diane] You recognize him?
Yeah.
[Peter] Colin Worley.
He died the day before the FBI
was gonna show up and interview him.
[Rose] I'd like copies
of all public records
related to a Colin Worley.
My aunt said that there was
only seven days till it goes down.
Till what?
We think there's gonna be another attack.
Everything I've done, I've done
for what you believe in. Everything.
[Michelle] You need to take
a step back from this case.
You told me to fight like hell.
That's what I need you to do right now.
You're gonna tell me
where Peter Sutherland is.
I'll make you a deal.
I know who Maddie Redfield's kidnapper is.
I'll give you his last known whereabouts.
You find him, take care of him,
and I'll locate Peter Sutherland for you.
[Chelsea] Hands up!
I said hands up! Drop the bag!
[Erik] Get your fucking hands up!
Peter?
Yeah. It's gonna be okay.
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[officer] Concussion probably.
We'll have an EMT check you out.
[Peter] How many are dead?
[officer] Just one.
Could have been a lot worse.
Stay here.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Peter] Hey, that's... that's him.
That's the guy.
- [woman] Hey.
- [man] Come on.
Watch it.
[car horns honking]
[both panting]
[Peter grunting]
[Colin breathing heavily]
[lock clicking]
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[Colin] Hey.
What are you doing here?
Kendra kicked me out.
No, you... you can't be here.
I just need to crash for a few days.
She'll cool off.
You gotta leave. It's not a good time.
I'll pay for a hotel,
but you can't be here.
Why are you so jacked up?
I'm not.
Are you using again?
No.
- Tell me the truth. I'm here for you.
- I'm not fucking using.
I've got a lot on my plate right now,
and things are just...
intense at work, all right?
You remember what happened
last time things got intense for you?
[cell phone vibrating]
I gotta take this.
- [door closing]
- Yeah?
What the fuck went wrong?
Someone stopped the train
after I dropped the package.
- Didn't go off where it was supposed to.
- Did anyone see you?
- No.
- Are you sure?
Yes, I'm fucking su--
[tense music playing]
[Colin] Sorry, I'm just...
Hey, the VP's gonna clean this up, right?
Take care of things for me?
Yeah, don't worry.
He's got your back.
Just lay low for a while
while we figure this all out.
Okay.
Yeah, okay.
I'll be in touch.
[anchor] ...indicating
that there was an incident on the subway.
[indistinct chatter on TV]
Hey, I'm thinking we order in tonight.
What are you feeling?
Matteo?
Oh God.
Come on.
Hey. Hey, wake up. Wake up.
Hey.
[Colin breathing heavily]
[sinister music playing]
[Colin crying]
[opening theme music playing]
[door creaking, clanging]
[keys jangling]
[lock clicking]
- [door closing]
- Did my father say anything?
Eat.
No sign of her inside.
Local police will be here any minute.
Like I said, I didn't have anything to do
with Maddie Redfield going missing.
Well, just in case,
shut the fuck up and don't move.
We don't have her, okay?
Vice President Redfield and Diane Farr
are framing Peter.
Same Diane Farr you were running
an investigation for two days ago?
You two have a falling-out?
Yeah, actually,
when I found out she was behind
the metro bombing a year ago.
He's telling the truth.
We found the identity of the real bomber.
I have the evidence in my backpack.
[tense music playing]
[papers rustling]
Monks.
- Thanks for the backup.
- [car doors closing]
- This about the VP's daughter?
- [Erik] Yeah.
We thought we had a lead on something,
but it turned out to be a dead end.
Sorry to put you guys out.
Oh, all good.
Hey, you're, uh, you're the guy, right?
From the, uh...
Yeah. Yeah, I'm... I'm the guy.
- You know who this is?
- I know who this is.
That is awesome, man.
Can I get a picture with you?
- Sure, yeah.
- [officer] Really?
[indistinct police radio chatter]
- Do one-- Do one long-ways too.
- [camera clicking]
[officer] Yeah.
Awesome. Thanks.
Anything else we can help you guys with?
Thanks, but we're good.
Appreciate you boys
making the ride out here.
All right.
That ever get annoying?
- Yes.
- [car doors opening, closing]
But my kid likes to see
that stuff pop up online.
- [car engine starting]
- You have a kid?
Yeah.
So you believe these two? Even a little?
Hell no. But if it gets us closer
to finding Maddie, I say we hear them out.
If either of us feels like
they're on the other side of this,
we haul their asses in.
All right, let's do it your way.
The evidence on the hard drive proves
that if the bomb had gone off as planned,
it'd have taken out
two entire city blocks.
We think the person
Farr and Redfield were targeting
was the same one that you were protecting
that night at the café.
If you can tell us who you were guarding--
No. Focus on Worley.
How does he factor into this theory?
He was on the FBI's list of suspects
before that statement
was leaked from the PIF.
The timing of his death seemed suspicious,
so we went
to the Office of Public Records,
pulled his file.
We found out that Worley used to work
for a Turn Lake subsidiary.
Look at the rattlesnake tattoo
from the mugshot.
The metro bomber,
he had that exact same one.
I saw it that night.
- I know how this sounds.
- Do you?
You've seen Worley before, haven't you?
Who is he to you?
Maddie was with her art professor
when she was kidnapped.
This is a sketch
of her art professor's boyfriend.
No, that's... that's impossible.
Okay, Worley's dead. He OD'd a year ago,
a day before the FBI
was supposed to interview him.
He goes by Matteo now.
We've talked to people
who've seen him this week.
The autopsy report specifically states
no visible tattoos or markings.
How is that possible?
There's a birth certificate
in there, right?
Look at that.
He's a twin.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Peter] Okay.
Okay, so they murdered
the wrong twin then.
So now the metro bomber's
running around as his twin?
- How does this get us to Maddie?
- I don't know.
But the one lead
we haven't checked up on yet
is that next-of-kin address
that we pulled off the autopsy report.
P.O. box. We were on our way there
when you guys showed up.
All right, I'm officially curious.
But you're a long way
from proving anything to me here.
So give me one good reason
why we shouldn't just drag you
into the White House right now
and let the higher-ups sort this shit out.
The higher-ups at the White House
murdered my aunt and uncle.
They're framing Peter.
If you bring us in there,
they'll find a way to kill him.
Plus, they've got some other attack
planned for tomorrow.
Listen to me, okay?
If Colin Worley is running around
as his twin brother,
finding him solves both of our problems.
We're looking for the same guy.
We should be helping each other.
We should be working together.
[Maddie] "Confess to the world
that you planned the metro bombing
and covered it up."
"Name names and take responsibility."
"If you don't,
they'll kill me in two hours."
"Please, Dad."
"Tell the truth to save me."
Did my dad really help bomb
the metro last year?
Yes.
Somebody died in that bombing.
Supposed to be a lot more.
A lot more.
[Colin gulping]
If my father did all that,
then he deserves everything
that you're planning for him.
I'm in this with you.
[tense music playing]
You saw what I did to Paulo?
I will do the same to you
if you don't shut your fucking mouth.
You and me are not on the same side.
[door opening, closing]
[lock clicking]
[door creaking]
[Maddie] If you don't,
they'll kill me in two hours.
Please, Dad. Tell the truth to save me.
Christ, she looks terrified.
We should get in there,
bring Ashley up to speed.
We can't show this to him.
We have to.
You heard him,
talking about caving to this guy.
If he sees this new one,
he'll be on TV crying his eyes out,
confessing to everything,
and then you and I will be finished.
Then what's your recommendation?
Ashley, how are you holding up?
[sighing] Not well, Diane.
Not fucking well.
Do you have any updates?
I'm doing the press conference.
No, we already debated
and rejected that idea.
You're not thinking clearly, understandably.
I won't give them your names, okay?
I... I will--
It's not an option,
so get it the fuck out of your mind.
She is my one remaining daughter.
Now, Maddie and I have had our issues,
but I will not be the father
I saw on that nanny cam,
not anymore.
She wanted to show
that video to the world. She hates you.
So fucking what?
So she can hurt you very, very badly
if we're not careful.
Well, I have to do something!
I am her father.
I have someone locating her, okay?
They have a lead.
They are motivated to close this quickly.
If we can stall the kidnapper--
How do you know it's just one kidnapper?
And why did they send the video
just to you?
You know who this is, don't you?
You... you fucking know
who has my daughter.
It's the guy who did
the metro bombing for us.
I... I thought we took care of him.
Apparently, my team got it wrong.
They neutralized his brother instead.
How does that happen?
And is this the same team
that's going in to save my daughter?
'Cause they sound world-fucking-class.
Would you like to meet them?
Because if you keep using terms
like "press conference,"
I can certainly arrange for them
to come by and say hello to you.
Are you threatening me?
So that's it.
[Redfield's breath shuddering]
Me or Maddie?
I can manage her.
She's not a liability.
We'll do our best to keep her out of harm,
but it'll have to be assessed
in the moment.
If she gets hurt, it's on you.
I'm prepared to live with that.
Are you?
[voice breaking] Diane?
I love my daughter.
I--
I know.
But we can't afford to lose you
in this fight, Ashley.
We are so close to the finish line.
Right.
[Redfield crying]
This isn't just about us,
this is for the country.
We need to know
you'll hold it together, no matter what.
[Redfield sniffling]
[Redfield] I'm okay.
I'm okay. [sniffling]
Just... get her home soon, safe, okay?
Of course.
- [Diane sighing]
- [cell phone vibrating]
Your employee?
She's checking Worley's old addresses
and places of work.
Don't worry, she'll take care of him.
Just him?
I could amend the order.
[sinister music playing]
I'll let her know.
[engine turning off]
Stay put.
We'll be right here.
[doorbell chiming]
Excuse me.
We need access to a P.O. box.
You're cops?
Secret Service.
You got a warrant?
'Cause this sounds
kind of unconstitutional.
We think the guy who rents this P.O. box
abducted a young woman
under our protection.
Shit, this is about
the Redfield girl, isn't it?
[tense music playing]
It's this one.
[keys jangling]
It's from you guys.
What is it?
We send these out
when someone's late on their rent.
This customer must be renting
a storage unit from us.
Can you figure out which one?
Wait in the lobby. I'll need a minute.
What's taking so long?
Maybe they found something?
We probably sounded insane to them.
Like they're looking at this
completely different than we are.
Protecting somebody...
it weighs on you.
Especially when you can't do it
as well as you hoped.
Well, I'm still in one piece.
Yeah,
I guess.
Hey.
I owe you my life.
Likewise.
- You got a picture?
- [Erik] Hmm?
Of your kid.
She's cute.
[Erik chuckling] Yeah.
Thankfully,
she doesn't take after the old man.
This, um,
this was a while ago.
She's been living with my ex full-time
for the past few years.
You don't get to see her much?
Nah, not... not since I went to rehab.
But I am taking her camping
this summer, so...
I just had to earn it.
Earn seeing your daughter?
Yeah, by staying clean, holding a job.
Be the guy I was before.
Before you were a hero.
The world may see you as a hero,
but it doesn't mean shit
if your kid sees something different.
Was it hard to get clean?
I was grinding to get back on the job,
and I just wanted the pain
in my shoulder to go away, you know?
So I started taking these pills,
those pills led to Oxy,
day after day after day,
until that led to some bad things.
[sighing] Some very bad things.
But yeah, yeah, getting clean was hard,
but I was lucky too.
I had my Secret Service training
to lean on, so...
People think we do this job
to protect the president,
some random man or woman,
but we do it to protect the institution.
I always loved that about the Service.
It made me feel like
I was part of a... a sacred tribe.
So when I started hearing about
those 12 steps, I was like,
"Well, shit,
I recognize that."
"I can tap into that."
"I've been doing it my whole adult life."
[woman] Found it.
Unit J3.
[suspenseful music playing]
- [Erik] Come on.
- Where are you taking us?
Matteo has a storage unit,
and we need some extra eyes.
It's time to sing for your supper.
What the hell was he building?
Hey, there's a pay stub for Matteo Worley
from Pykemoor Security.
This is from a month ago.
All right, I'll give 'em a call.
[Peter] What's this?
[Chelsea] Maddie's art professor, Paulo.
Shit, there's a whole dossier on him.
Not just him.
There's a printout
of Maddie's class schedule,
whole files on all her professors,
her friends.
Looks like Paulo wasn't the only link
to Maddie he explored,
just the weakest one.
Matteo must have been planning
this for months.
Do you believe us now?
I did not kidnap Maddie Redfield.
The owner says
he'll answer questions we have,
but only if he sees my badge in person.
I'd like to stake out this unit
in case Matteo comes back.
I'm not leaving you alone.
We'll be with her.
I can handle them.
You, come with me then.
[Peter] We stay together.
[Erik] No, you stay
where I tell you to stay.
Hey, we're on the same side here.
Good, then help us find Maddie,
and you'll be back together real soon.
[dramatic music playing]
Don't worry. She's in good hands.
[scraping]
"R142."
[train horn blaring]
[door creaking]
[door clanging]
[footsteps approaching]
[keys jangling]
[lock clicking]
Did he respond?
No.
I guess he doesn't care
if you live or not.
Well, how do you know
my father's even getting the videos?
Because the guy I sent them to,
my ex-employer,
is in deep with your daddy,
so I'm sure they got them.
Maybe he's not showing them
to my father. Maybe...
maybe this guy would be in trouble
if he did that. You think about that?
Record another video.
Send it directly to my dad's phone number.
Let me use my own words this time,
and I'll get him to publicly confess.
I'll get what you want.
[suspenseful music playing]
That was Monks.
They're at Pykemoor Security,
just waiting on them to release
Worley's employment records.
Can I ask you something?
Maybe.
When I asked you who you were guarding
the day of the metro bombing,
and you said it wasn't Maddie,
were you lying to me?
No. I wasn't even on her detail then.
Okay, so then who were you guarding?
Look, if I know
who the target was for the metro bomb,
I might be able to figure out who Farr
and Redfield are targeting tomorrow.
Maddie might be involved, okay?
It might have something to do
with her kidnapping.
Omar Zadar.
He's the leader of the PIF.
His code name was Osprey.
Shit, Zadar is Osprey.
But he was a suspect.
I didn't even know he was in the U.S.
No one did.
He had a secret meeting
with someone from the administration
in the backroom of that café.
It went from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m.
That was during the metro bombing.
Okay, so he wasn't the fall guy then.
He's the target.
Why try and kill him that way?
Well, if you assassinate Zadar,
half his country
takes to the streets, right?
But if you take him out
along with two city blocks
and a metro car--
He would have just been another casualty.
So would I.
[cell phone vibrating]
What? Who is it?
It's Maddie.
[Maddie] Dad, it's me.
I know this is hard,
but you and I have been forced
to train for difficult moments
all our lives.
First Mom, and then Sarah.
But I've learned to be strong.
That's who we are.
You're the only one who can save me, Dad.
Make a video confessing
your part in the metro bombing.
Please.
For... me.
Send a video
to the world right now, please.
Otherwise, they'll kill me in 30 minutes.
Who sent this?
Someone anonymous, only to me.
Maddie must've given them my number.
Look at what she's saying
when she taps the necklace.
What, she's not just nervous?
You didn't catch it. Good.
Hopefully, Matteo won't either.
The tapping's our signal.
She uses it when she wants me to get her
out of some meeting or conversation.
But I think she's turned it into a code.
She only taps it
when she says certain words.
[Maddie] I know this is hard,
but you and I have been forced to train...
That's the first tap, "train."
[Maddie] ...all our lives.
First Mom, and then Sarah.
But I've learned to be strong.
That's who we are.
Second tap, "are."
- You're the only one who can save me, Dad.
- "One."
[Maddie] Make a video confessing your part
in the metro bombing.
Please.
- For... me.
- "For."
Send a video to...
- "To."
- ...the world right now, please.
Otherwise, they'll kill me in 30 minutes.
That's it. No more taps.
"Train, are, one, for, to."
Train, letter R,
numbers one, four, two.
Yeah, train R142.
A route number, maybe?
- [Peter] What're you doing?
- Gotta share this with someone.
There are people you can't trust.
I don't know how many of them there are,
but Farr and Redfield are at the top.
You send this to the wrong person,
they'll realize that Maddie knows
about the metro bombing.
Now, so do you.
They'll send someone to kill you
just like they did with Rose and I.
No, you gotta go to the press,
go public with it.
I'm not going to the press.
I make this public,
he might kill Maddie before we find her.
So let's figure out what this means.
Before all this shit, this is
the kind of stuff I did for the FBI.
Trust me. I can help you.
Okay.
Prove it.
[Maddie whimpering]
Come on!
[Maddie screaming, sobbing]
[tense music playing]
[Maddie grunting]
[Diane] Val?
Valerie?
Ma'am?
We get bullet points
for the Omar Zadar briefing at three?
Nothing yet.
Check in with DNI's office,
make sure their distro list
isn't clusterfucked, again.
Ashley, what are you doing here?
Checking in before the Zadar thing.
You know, people would understand
if you wanted to sit it out.
I'm fine.
[Diane] I can fill you in afterwards.
I said I'm fine. We should go,
'cause the meeting's about to start.
It's not for another couple of hours.
It got rescheduled this morning,
starts in five.
I didn't get anything.
Ma'am, just got off with DNI's office,
said they distributed
the bullet points two hours ago.
Not sure why you never got them.
Call back, figure out who I'm firing.
[phone ringing]
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Miss Farr,
POTUS said for you to skip this one.
I'm the chief of staff.
Why would I skip it?
She wants you to focus on your meeting
with Representative Watkins.
Watkins?
Texas 22nd.
You have a meeting in ten minutes.
- Michelle's inside?
- Aye.
Let me speak to her.
Briefing's about to start.
The president was insistent
that you keep the Watkins meeting.
Says we need his vote
for the stimulus bill.
Tell her I need five minutes
once she's done.
Will do.
I guess I'll be the one filling you in.
And if Zadar's willing
to make these concessions,
we'll discuss support
in the upcoming election.
Nothing official, of course.
But ensuring the election goes smoothly--
I'm sorry, but this is
a colossal fucking mistake.
Uh, Zadar's still our best hope
to shore up democracy in the region.
Certainly better
than the autocrat that's there now.
Zadar is a goddamn terrorist!
Am I the only one that sees that?
Okay, um, let's take five.
We've... we've been at this a while today.
[door opening]
[Redfield sighing]
[indistinct chatter]
[door closing]
How are you holding up, Ashley?
Been better.
Almora, Willett, everyone assures me
we're doing everything in our power
to bring home Maddie safe and sound.
Yeah, yeah,
everybody has their assurances.
Nobody expects you
to be working right now.
I know. I'm just, uh, going crazy
sitting around at home waiting.
Yeah.
I get that.
I meant what I said, Madam President.
Zadar is a destabilizing force.
A country run
by a terrorist group he founded
cannot be a reliable military ally.
Zadar has condemned PIF splinter groups.
He's a legitimate politician now.
The people love him.
If that's who they want in power,
how does it help us to oppose him?
Why not make him a friend now
when he needs one?
[Redfield sighing]
I'll take the hope of a democratic future
over the certainty
of an authoritarian one any day.
It's your call,
but... I could not sleep at night
unless I... shared with you
my honest opinion.
That's why I brought you
on the ticket, Ashley.
I'm sorry for the outburst, but normally
Diane is there to shout back at me.
Where is she today?
Between you and me,
I'm thinking of a personnel change
in the West Wing.
Is that right?
[tense music playing]
[door closing]
[birds chirping]
[keyboard clacking]
R142 doesn't match
any train route numbers.
What about boxcar serial numbers?
[keyboard clacking]
- Nope.
- Shit.
- Uh, but not all trains run boxcars.
- [mouse clicking]
Some freight trains
carry shipping containers, so maybe, um...
- [mouse clicking]
- [keyboard clacking]
Yeah.
There are eight shipping containers
whose serial numbers are a partial match,
spread across five train yards and depots.
Not the most efficient use of time
if I can't call for backup on this.
If our guy does come back,
I'm not here to grab him.
Well, if you found us, you can find him.
How did you find us by the way?
Your godfather's birthday cards.
So you talked to him?
What'd he say?
Said you weren't our guy,
that we should hear your side.
[cell phone vibrating]
What'd you find?
Worley worked as a security guard
for the past six months.
Contracted primarily for three companies.
Search these. Go ahead.
- [Erik] Apreton Machinists...
- [keyboard clacking]
[Erik] Opti-Vera Electric,
and CMV Manufacturing.
All three companies have warehouses
within a mile of the D.C. Container Depot.
Hold up, Monks. Are any of
the shipping containers a partial match?
Yeah.
He's holding Maddie
at the D.C. Container Depot.
We'll text you the partial serial number.
Meet you there.
All right.
They think they've found Maddie.
Where?
Container yard.
I'll fill you in on the way.
[car engine starting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[car beeping]
[Chelsea] There's a break
in the fence on the west end of the depot.
- You'll see my car.
- [Erik] Copy.
[Chelsea] R142.
[Peter] Okay.
[crow cawing]
[cell phone chiming]
[gun cocking]
We're gonna have to split up.
There's not enough time.
Come on.
Shit.
Anything?
[Peter] No. No, you?
[object clanging]
No.
[Peter] Okay,
I'm gonna go further south then.
[Chelsea] Copy that.
I'll take the east side.
[suspenseful music swelling]
Stay here. Lock the doors.
- What? I'm not just gonna stay here.
- Hey, listen, this is dangerous.
Do not leave until one of us gives you
the all clear. Do you understand me?
- Arrington, I'm here.
- [Chelsea] Good.
We could use the help.
Straight ahead once you're in.
[Erik] Copy that.
Stay here. Lock the doors.
[Colin] We need to move.
- [Maddie roaring]
- [Colin grunting]
[Colin] Fuck!
Shots. Arrington?
Arrington, you okay?
That wasn't me.
[intense music playing]
[Colin panting, grunting]
[intense music swelling]
[music fades]
[suspenseful music playing]
I'm at the northeast corner.
Where are you?
[Erik panting]
Arrington?
Sutherland?
[Maddie panting]
[Colin grunting]
[music fades]
[Colin groaning]
No!
[both grunting]
[Peter] Remember me?
From the Metro?
I need you to give up your contractor,
so I can clear my name.
Just let me go,
and I'll tell you whatever you want.
You're safe.
- Okay.
- Okay? You're safe.
[sinister music playing]
Monks, you good?
[Maddie crying]
[Erik] Yeah.
You good?
[crying] I don't know.
I don't know.
It's okay. Let's call this in.
Rose?
We got our guy. I'm on my way.
[Rose sighing]
[Chelsea] It's okay.
[Maddie] Yeah.
Shooter!
[gunshots in distance]
[gun firing]
No!
[Chelsea] This is Agent Arrington.
We're at the D.C. Container Depot,
northeast corner,
taking fire from an elevated position
on the west end of the yard.
We can't stay here.
- [gun firing]
- [Maddie screaming]
Badger is hit. Repeat, Badger is hit.
Send backup immediately.
It's just shrapnel. You'll be okay.
- Can you walk?
- [Maddie] I think so.
Good. Look at me. You see me?
I'm right here, okay?
You stay right by my side.
You ready? Now.
[Maddie grunting, groaning]
- It's okay.
- Stay right there.
[gun firing]
- Okay.
- Go!
[Maddie screaming]
Monks!
- [gun firing]
- [Erik grunting]
[Erik groaning]
[Erik screaming]
[Peter] Arrington!
Stay there.
[Rose] Hey!
[Rose panting]
[dramatic music playing]
[Peter] Rose.
[Maddie] Chelsea, is he gonna be okay?
Chelsea?
Chelsea, is he gonna be okay?
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]